hebei_area,North Hebei Feudatory
south_hebei_area,South Hebei Feudatory
shandong_area,Shandong Feudatory
jiangsu_area,North Jiangsu Feudatory
south_jiangsu_area,South Jiangsu Feudatory
anhui_area,North Anhui Feudatory
south_anhui_area,South Anhui Feudatory
zhejiang_area,Zhejiang Feudatory
jiangxi_area,Jiangxi Feudatory
fujian_area,Fujian Feudatory
taiwan_area,Taiwan Feudatory
guangdong_area,East Guangdong Feudatory
west_guangdong_area,West Guangdong Feudatory
guangxi_area,Guangxi Feudatory
yun_gui_area,Yun-Gui Hinterland Feudatory
yun_gui_borderland_area,Yun-Gui Frontier Feudatory
sichuan_area,Sichuan Feudatory
chuannan_area,Chuannan Feudatory
chuanbei_area,Chuanbei Feudatory
huguang_area,Hubei Feudatory
hunan_area,Hunan Feudatory
henan_area,South Henan Feudatory
north_henan_area,North Henan Feudatory
shanxi_area,Shanxi Feudatory
shaanxi_area,Shaanxi Feudatory
gansu_area,East Gansu Feudatory
west_gansu_area,West Gansu Feudatory
